The language spoken by God Almighty on the Day of Resurrection
We conclude this meeting with this question
The questioner says: What language does God speak?
On the Day of Resurrection to his servants, they explained to us that they were hired?
The texts appear to be Arabic
The apparent text of the Prophet ﷺ that he speaks people in Arabic,
God Almighty knows the most, the apparent texts contained in his speech in Arabic
I do not know that he is speaking to others,
He is omnipotent , knows everything, knows all languages,
It is not hidden from it, but it is clear that the text is that it addresses people on the Day of Resurrection in Arabic
And that the language of the people of Paradise is Arabic,
They speak this language known to the people of Paradise, and God addresses them as it is apparent texts
He Almighty knows everything and is appreciated for everything,
And on all languages , and know the conditions of its people, and reward them for their actions as they deserve. Yeah